---
FIND A FORTUNE: Exercise 8 on page 500:

In the 1980s, when Berkeley UNIX was prevalent, the fortune command
could be found on most, but not all, UNIX systems.  Today, Berkeley
UNIX is much less prevalent than it was, and probably less than half
of the UNIX systems offer the fortune command.  If you are on a UNIX
system, try the following commands:

   man fortune       // to read about the command

   fortune           // to get a fortune

If you cannot locate a UNIX machine that provides fortunes, this
exercise will be of little interest to you.

---
The fortune command gets a fortune from its database in a random
fashion and prints it on the screen.  Some fortunes are short and
pithy, others are longer and may contain an historical or
philosophical message.  Here are two examples:

   ---
   First fortune:

   f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
   
   ---
   Second fortune:

      One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How
   enthusiastic is our support for UNIX?
      Unix was written on our machines and for our machines
   many years ago.  Today, much of UNIX being done is done on
   our machines.  Ten percent of our VAXs are going for UNIX
   use.  UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand, easy to
   get started with.  It's great for students, great for somewhat
   casual users, and it's great for interchanging programs between
   different machines.  And so, because of its popularity in these
   markets, we support it.  We have good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX
   on PDP-11s.
      It is our belief, however, that serious professional users
   will run out of things they can do with UNIX. They'll want a
   real system and will end up doing VMS when they get to be serious
   about programming.
      With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and
   quickly check that small manual and find out that it's not there.
   With VMS, no matter what you look for -- it's literally a five-
   foot shelf of documentation -- if you look long enough it's there.
   That's the difference -- the beauty of UNIX is it's simple; and
   the beauty of VMS is that it's all there.

      -- Ken Olsen, President of DEC, 1984


---
Suppose you want to see if you can find other fortunes that mention
Ken Olsen, or you want to look for fortunes with, say, the phrase

   fortune cookie program

in them.  You can give the fortune command repeatedly, but most
likely you will not see anything relevant.  The fortunes are pulled
in a random fashion from a rather large, inaccessible database, and
there is little chance of seeing a fortune that contains a desired
phrase.

---
This program finds fortunes that may be of interest to you.  The
program prompts the user for a phrase, and then runs the fortune
program repeatedly, looking for a match with the phrase.  If a
match is found, the fortune is saved to a file and e-mail is sent
to alert the user that one or more fortunes were saved.

The reason for using e-mail is that the program may run for 20
minutes or more.  You can put the program in background and forget
about it.  You will be notified later about the results of your
search.

---
CAUTION:

   You may have to change all the

      extern const int   ...
   
   lines into #define lines.  Not all C/C++ compilers are
   as cavalier about external constants as is GNU C/C++.
